doc: add info for macos clang errors (#16049)
vllm-project/vllm: docs/source/getting_started/installation/cpu/apple.inc.md

      1 error generated.
```

> If run with error like the following snippet you need to check clang version and install the applicable versions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If run with error like the following snippet you need to check clang version and install a compatible version.
```

```text
AttributeError: '_OpNamespace' '_C' object has no attribute 'silu_and_mul'
```

> more can check issue https://github.com/vllm-project/vllm/issues/15941

Author: if change this can not be open on a fork repo I wonder

> more can check issue https://github.com/vllm-project/vllm/issues/15941

Reviewer: This URL scheme is defined in our `conf.py` and is used all over the docs. I don't think it's something to worry about.

https://github.com/vllm-project/vllm/blob/fadc59c0e6b3c348581e18c90d642de40c853ade/docs/source/conf.py#L94-L99

> more can check issue https://github.com/vllm-project/vllm/issues/15941

Author: copy that thank you
